In this lecture, we will install the ECL
Emma code coverage plugin for Eclipse
to do that launched the eclipse ide go to the
help menu and click on eclipse
marketplace once you click on it will see a
pop-up similar to this in the search
text box type in ECL Emma and click the
Go button you will see the search
results similar to this we will find
the open source free ECLEmma java code
coverage plugin for Eclipse the
current version is 2.3.2 click on
install I have done the search prior to this
lecture just to save us some time as it
does this search over the internet click
on install by default these two options
are selected leave them as is hit the
confirm button select the or accept
the license agreement by selecting the
radio button and hit finish that will
download the software or the plugin over
the internet and install it into eclipse
ones done it will ask you for you to
or for the plug-in to take effect you
need to restart eclipse select yes once
we have a eclipse back up once we choose
the workspace we should have the plug-in
installed and we should be good to go
we'll check that in a second if you go
to any of your projects in the eclipse
workspace if you right click on any of the
folders along with other options runas
option you will also see a coverage as option
so this comes from the ECLEmma code
coverage plugin will see all this in
action in the next few lectures.